Add an RFC about builder config (#241)
paketo-buildpacks/rfcs: text/0000-builder-config.md

# Builder Config

## Summary

This RFC proposes an easy way to configure builders to allow specifying a `config.toml` file that allows updating the Buildpack `detect` and `build` environment based on the configuration file.

## Motivation

Often times, especially in enterprise settings, organizations often have to update the buildpacks to use internal mirrors, proxies and other settings which can be configured easily with environment variables.

Some examples include -
- `GOPROXY`
- `PIP_INDEX_URL`
- `npm_config_registry`
- `BUNDLE_MIRROR__URL`

The buildpack logic in `Paketo` largely remains the same, except these environment variables might need to be injected during the `build` and `detect` phases.

> The environment variables may ideally also take precendence over any user provided values to ensure that the operators have full control over their builders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment variables may be able to take precedence over user-provided values, if configured to, which ensures that operators can take full control over their builders if that is required.
```

I would suggest this because I don't think this should be the default value. I think by default, user-configured values should be the highest precedence. That said, you have the `override` mode, so if set to `override` then an operator could take control of that value.

My rationale for this is a.) we do that in pretty much every other situation, so I would say it's the generally expected behavior b.) I think it would be difficult to debug if something wasn't working right. To know that you're setting an env variable as a user and it's getting overridden by the stack.

I would further suggest that when the mode is set to `override` for a builder env variable we should log a message (probably debug, but possibly info) to indicate this happened.
